@You can <i>italicize</i>, <b>embolden</b> or <u>underline</u> portions of your messages by enclosing them with |, + or _ respectively. You can also avoid this by adding backslashes (they won't show in the message) before these characters.
Anything you can light a cigarette with, you can use to cauterize a bleeding wound.
The sewers and other unexplored regions of the city often contain valuable items you may want.
Manhole covers are hard to pry off by hand, try using a crowbar.
Combine suits tend to have signal trackers on them, you may not want to wear them as a rebel.
As the Civil Administrator, you do not want to anger your benefactors.
As a Resistance member, you do not necessarily need to be friends with the citizens of the city. However, doing so is often in your best interest.
As the Divisional Lead, your memory and emotions have been modified. You are the least human person in the city aside from visiting OTA troops, so act like it!
As the Labor Lead, you are technically only a high ranking citizen yet. You cannot order around civil protection, nor should you be carrying guns around.
As a Citizen, you should look for work and a way to earn credits so you can afford food and hydration.
As a Citizen, try operating a business! The Labor Lead only sells items in bulk, so you can turn a profit by selling said items to other people with a markup.
Headcrab meat sells for money on the cargo dropship. Hunting them may be lucrative.
Water extractors are expensive upfront, but present a free source of income.
You can make rebar crossbows and ammo with scavenged materials. Look around for things like tape, cables, and lighters.
You can use a container to scoop water out from a tile, such as sewage. Actually drinking said sewage, is not recommended.
Xenian mushrooms sell for credits on the cargo dropship. Perhaps you could farm them?
Destroying leafy xen flora will drop their branches, which can be ground into biogel, and turned into a medkit with the crafting menu.
Many items require specific crafting benches to make. You can find these benches in places like the Factory, Town Hall, Science Lab, and Sewer rooms.
Eating raw meat runs the risk of contracting foodborne illnesses, but you can cook them to avoid this.
